Core working group notes of 2021-07-16 (#2691)
tock/tock: doc/wg/core/notes/core-notes-2021-07-16.md

Attending:
- Alexandru Radovici
- Hudson Ayers
- Brad Campbell
- Branden Ghena
- Johnathan Van Why
- Anthony Quiroga
- Pat Pannuto
- Vadim Sukhomlinov

## Compatibility TBF proposal

* Alexandru: Submitted two proposals:

  - https://github.com/tock/tock/pull/2669

    First is with a static simple header, its only purpose is to add
    kernel and ABI version requirements. This would indicate the fixed
    version which an application needs to run. Easy to parse and
    should not increase code size. However its fixed, the header can't
    be changed again. Kernel major and minor version are 8 bits each.

  - https://github.com/tock/tock/pull/2670

    Second PR is a more advanced version of the first one. Adds header
    with compatibility elements. Has a list of compatibilities
    required, one of them being kernel version and one ABI
    version. Has advantage of being extensible. Parser will increase
    in size.

* Johnathan: Is there a reason why the version of the ABI and the
  major version can be different? As far as I know, we follow SemVer,
  which means that a breaking change of the kernel ABI would manifest
  itself in a kernel major version bump.

> * Alex: Okay, that makes and could simply things. Then a second header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Alex: Okay, that makes things simpler. Then a second header parameter
```

* Johnathan: This sounds like an argument in favor of major and minor
  number. It's a backwards compatible in that an older app will run on
  a newer kernel.

* Brad: I see the argument for adding the major and minor version. We
  already have that information and would not need to create another
  number to keep track of.

* Johnathan: We need the major number in the TBF to protect
  it. However, for minor the version, we could add a new system call
  to get information about the kernel version. Disadvantage: with the
  header, it gets bigger for every app.

* Brad: How does that affect this?

* Johnathan: One option is to put both the major and minor version in
  the TBF header and have the kernel check both of them. Another
  option is to just include the major version in the TBF header and
  leave comparing minor versions as a to-be-designed mechanism.

  Downside of including the minor version in the TBF header is, the
  more information we put there, the larger the header gets for every
  app on the board. Probably few apps are going to check the kernel
  minor version.

* Hudson: In this TBF header, I assume the length field describes the
  length of this struct?

> * Alexandru: The length of the data. TLV header plus the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Alexandru: It describes the length of the header (TLV header plus the data).
```
